---
published: true
title: Tips ancient people cure 15 kinds of illness or
custom_excerpt: Just looking through the paralyzed face saw two distinct symptoms of eye closure and one side of the edge was distorted. How to cure so simple to the extent that it is still dreamed of. 3 days, 7 days delay is off.

---

Stomach pain: Feet your lips for a few minutes, and your stomach aches.

Neck cough:

a- Rub the wrists together several times. Remember to hold hands before rubbing against one another. b- The left wrist of the left hand has a few minutes to catch, coughing and itching very quickly. Pay attention, the left hand grasp, turn over face down: the palm of the brain reflecting, the wrist reflecting the neck neck. The left hand grasped, turned upside down: palm to the heart, wrists reflect the throat.

High clothing:
Take the tip of your thumb to press on the acupuncture point (acue 15) located deep behind the left ear speaker several times (1 minute), blood pressure will go down.

Low blood pressure:
Use your fingertips to press deep into the acupuncture points (acupuncture points 19) with the nose repeatedly with the nose several times, blood pressure will be raised immediately.

White blood:
Use two fingers - forefinger and middle finger - to horizontal rub the lips at once.

Neurology:
Use large rolls roll down from the navel to the groin until the belly is warm. Rolling days; 3-5 days, menstruation will return to normal.

Eye candy
Just click on the crooked feet a few times, the acne will cure very quickly. Remember to detect as soon as possible, cure faster.

Face (peripheral neuropathy 7)
Just looking through the paralyzed face saw two distinct symptoms: the eyes were closed and one side of the edge was distorted. How to cure so simple to the extent that it is still dreamed of. 3 days, 7 days delay is off. a. Get a good look at your eyes for a few minutes, and your eyes will slowly turn red. Several times a day, eyes closed gradually. b. Hands or rolls small (in rollers, graves) rolled from the edge of the distorted tip of the ear. Roller several times, rolling several minutes. Soon the edge will be pulled up to balance with the healthy edge.

Eyes are not movable
Just hit a few dozen times into the grave in the front and under the ear, eyes will move normally. This plaque is located near the ear, when the mouth is palpable immediately. This is the zero point of diagnosis and the same point is the Auditorium of Oriental Medicine.

Bite your mouth
Using finger pointing hard on the acupuncture point near the bottom of the bottom (acupuncture 235) several dozens, mouth bitter bitter mouth!

Facial pain (Neurological No. 5)
Wiping the face off the thumb (with pain) from the finger to the wrists. Remember when your right hand stretched out. Just a few minutes, the jaw hardened and returned to normal.

Sneeze continuously
It will be out in a minute if the worm rescue from the middle of the forehead (point 103) straight down between the eyebrows (grave 26).

Coughing for a long time
Wear the two sides of the nose, both sides of the ear (from the top of the ear down to the ear lobes), wrist (of the left hand has grasped) and direct throat.

Hock (fruit seeds, bones)
Press or type in the intestinal lining of the central nucleus (acue 19) several times.

Fingers are difficult to stretch
Take wormwood head to the bones of the fingers and roll, about the burns many times.

