---
published: true
hidden: false
title: How to Effectively Control Beetles
tags: 2016 review
image: ong-dot.jpg
custom_excerpt: Feeling the bee or horn is not pleasant at all and is often very painful. In the warmer months when we are spending more time outdoors, insects like bees appear most often.

---

Bees and hornets often use their jaws to defend themselves. These small nibs contain venom that can cause our bodies to react a lot.

And depending on the person, there are different symptoms, which may be temporary sensation of pain, or may have other allergic symptoms.

The initial symptoms are temporary painful burning spots that are noticeable red with a white spot in the middle and swollen at the location where the bee is burnt. But just a few days later, the symptoms will disappear. Usually from 5 to 10 days the sting of injection will be poisoned.

However bees venom can cause more serious reactions to the immune system of people with bee allergy or those with multiple bees at the same time. In this case, take the patient to the medical facility immediately.

For non-serious reactions, home treatment can be used to relieve pain, swelling, itching and redness.

Here are some effective remedies for burning bees at home.

Pull out the hose of the bee
First, you need to spit the stingers on the skin immediately. It will take a few seconds for all venom to enter the body.

Use nails or tweezers to remove the hose.

Rinse the stains with sterile soapy water.

Dry gently and apply the pasteurizing cream on the stain. You can also take Calamine solution to reduce itching and swelling.

Note: Avoid stapling the needle because it will cause the venom to be pushed deeper into the skin.

Ice Release
The next step is to apply a stone to the affected area to relieve pain as well as other symptoms.

Cold temperatures will reduce the ability of the venom to disperse venom. It also helps to numb pain and reduces swelling.

Put some ice cubes in a thin towel and tie them tightly.

Apply ice cream on swollen area for 10 to 15 minutes.

Repeat for several hours until the swelling and pain disappear.

You can also keep a bottle of cold water or vegetables to freeze on the swollen area as well.

Caution: Never place the stone directly on the skin, which can cause skin damage due to too cold.

Baking Soda
Baking soda is an alkaline product that helps neutralize acid from venom, so it can relieve pain, itching and swelling quickly.

Mix one spoonful of baking soda with a little water to form a paste.

Apply the mixture to the stain and wait 5 to 10 minutes.

Rinse with lukewarm water.

If you can not tolerate pain, repeat after a few hours.

Apple Vinegar
Apple cider vinegar also helps neutralize acid in the venom so it causes bee sting to lessen pain and reduce swelling.

Take a little cotton wool and pour apple vinegar.

Hold cotton swab on the bump for 5 to 10 minutes.

Repeat if necessary.

If you do not have apple cider vinegar, you can also use white vinegar instead.

Honey
Honey is also a good medicine for treating sting wounds because it reduces the venom and natural bactericide in honey to help reduce the risk of infection. The soothing nature of honey also relieves the symptoms quickly.

Apply a little honey to the swollen area, to dry yourself and then rinse with warm water. Repeat several times a day.

You can also mix honey and turmeric in equal proportions to form a paste mixture. Spread around the sting area every day for a few days.

Vera
Aloe vera gel is also a very good recipe for bee stings. With bactericidal and soothing ingredients, aloe vera helps to reduce pain, swelling and itching.

Wash the aloe leaf and use a knife to extract the gel.

Place the gel on the swelling area.

Repeat several times each day.