---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Many vegetables used by Vietnamese people are still wasted
image: rau-sam.png
custom_excerpt: Taiwanese people use medicinal herbs to heal seagrass gas, difficult urination, detoxification. In the vegetable contains potassium oxalate salt, acid urinate to detoxification effect.

---

Vegetables in the food of the world
Samba is a wild type planted in grasslands, fields, wet fields in the plains. In our country, vegetables grow mainly in the northern provinces, thrive in the summer.

This vegetable is also found in many other countries such as China, Europe. In some European countries, especially France, people grow vegetables to make vegetables, a popular dish is pourpier - a pleasant sour taste is very popular.

European people eat this vegetable instead of lettuce, eaten raw or cooked.

Chinese vegetables are also considered a popular dish. In this country, there are very famous dried vegetables. Freshly picked fresh vegetables are added to boiling water (they can be flushed with water without dipping), then rinsed with water and then dried or dried. When used absolutely no other processing. Some dishes with sam vegetable:

the picture

In addition, other countries such as India, Japan ... also use vegetable as food and much research on the use of vegetables. Most of these studies suggest that vegetables are rich in nutrients and have many health benefits.

In Vietnam, unfortunately, no one has raised the problem of growing this vegetable. The collection is based entirely on wild plants and now people do not have the habit of using vegetables for food.

Pharmacy, use of vegetables:
Vegetable sam also known as slag, pourpier, scientific name is portulaca oleracea L. belongs to the family of Portulacaceae.

According to Vietnamese medicinal plants and herbs (Prof. Do Tat Loi) the nature of vegetables according to ancient documents: sour, cold (not cold), toxic, into three: mind, can and spleen. Bleeding hemorrhoids (bleeding), urinary incontinence, difficulty, except worms, used outside the evil, alone. Every one of the spleen damage welding, diarrhea should not be used.

Dosage of vegetables from 6 to 12g dried in the form of decoction. External use, dosage, use alone or in combination with other drugs.

In Taiwan, it was found that there are many valuable sources of organic vegetables such as organic acid, potassium sodium, potassium sulfate and potassium, fresh plants contain about 1% potassium, dried plants contain 10% potassium. Pharmaceutical Journal of Japan, 1944).

Taiwanese people use medicinal herbs to heal seagrass gas, difficult urination, detoxification. In the vegetable contains potassium oxalate salt, acid urinate to detoxification effect.

In ramen as medicinal plant (PTS Vo Van Chi), ram sam is soothing, worm treatment, dialysis, diuretic, sedative, sleep, heat, refreshment, anti-toxic and increase blood coagulation. .

Commonly used for the treatment of gastrointestinal diseases, acute enteritis, acute appendicitis, dysentery, intestinal parasites (roundworms, pinworm), respiratory tract, urethral (urolithiasis) mastitis and hemorrhage (blood cough, bloody urine, hemorrhoids and hemophilia). Use for boils and eczema.

Recently, it was found that vegetables are effective against many types of bacteria, so the scope of application is very wide, dysentery and intestinal diseases, can treat acute arthritis.

Vegetable as medicine
Cure the children: crushed sambar, squeeze water, boil, add 1 tablespoon of honey to drink.

Deodorize, roundworm: 50g fresh vegetables, washed with little salt, add water, squeeze water in drinking in the evening (can add sugar). Drink 3 evenings, not fasting. Or take three grains of vegetables, shade a cup of drinking water when hungry, drink 2-3 times the worm out.

Parsley, urine: Use fresh vegetables to pour the juice.

Eye and eye camouflage: Use small leafy vegetables in the eyes.

There are people who eat sautéed vegetables with eel meat, for treatment of skin diseases, low numbness, thin skin, bone pain, anemia, dry skin, back pain, chronic malaria, long-term abdominal pain, thirst.

