---
published: true
hidden: false
title: The 10 Best Foods To Support Infectious Disease
image: 11-11-2.jpg
custom_excerpt: Statistics show that the proportion of patients with ischemic diseases in the world as well as Vietnam accounts for 80-85% of the population. It is considered to be the third leading cause of death in the world after cancer and cardiovascular disease. Anemia is a condition where the red blood cell count is too low and the amount of hemoglobin in the blood is lower than normal.

---

Hemoglobin consists of two components: Haeme (iron pigment) and Globin (Protein). Both of these ingredients are needed to provide oxygen and nutrients to the body.

The underlying symptoms are numbness of the hands and feet, weakness of the body, memory loss, fatigue and discomfort. Your doctor can diagnose the condition by examining your blood.

One of the major causes of anemia is iron deficiency, vitamin B12, or folic acid. Or, for the mother during breastfeeding, the body needs more nutrients such as iron; or infected with parasites in the intestines and stomach.

If you have anemia, you should have a proper diet. You need to supplement foods containing Vitamin B12, Iron and Folic Acid.

Here are 10 good foods for anemic sufferers.

Soy bean
All of the beans have an abundant iron content, but you need to process them properly to take advantage of them. Phytic acid contained in untreated beans can reduce the absorption of iron. The best way to reduce phytic acid is to soak the beans overnight in warm water before processing.

In beans, soy is the most abundant iron. A cup of soy beans can provide nearly half of the essential minerals your body needs every day. In addition, soy is a low fat, protein-rich foods that work well for people with anemia.

Bread is made from cereal grain
Bread made from whole grains is a rich source of non-heme iron found in plants, which is good for people with anemia. Whole grain cereals contain high levels of iron, but they also contain iron inhibitors called Phytic Acids. But since bread is made from fermented grains, phytic acid has been reduced.

A slice of bread each day can give your body 6% of the required amount of minerals. In addition, bread made with whole grains can contain more vitamins if supplemented with nutrients that help the body fight many diseases and increase the resistance.

Oatmeal
Oatmeal is very high in iron, but it also contains Phytic Acid that can reduce the absorption of iron. However, you can buy oatmeal that has been fortified with iron. Common oatmeal is generally not fortified with iron as instant oatmeal.

According to the USDA Nutrient database, just one bowl of instant oatmeal porridge can help you get 60% of your iron every day. Instant oatmeal also contains vitamin B12 and other types of vimtamin B.

Red Meat
Red meat, such as beef and pork, contains large amounts of iron heme (found in animals). Iron heme is easier to absorb while non-heme iron is harder to absorb. Animal liver supplementation is also a good option to help you avoid iron deficiency and vitamin B deficiencies.

Beef liver is the richest iron, it can give you over 600% of the iron and vitamin B12 that your body needs every day.

Egg
Eggs contain a lot of proteins and anti-aging substances that can help to supplement the vitamins when you are anemic. Eggs can provide an abundance of nutrients needed for your diet because it contains only low calorie content. A large egg containing about 1mg of iron can provide about 7% of the RNI required for women and 11% for men.

Also, when eating eggs, you should eat more fruit, fruit contains more Vitamin C content to enhance iron absorption in the body. Eating eggs regularly also helps keep the bones healthy.

Butter
Peanut butter is a rich source of iron. Two teaspoons of butter contain 0.6 mg of iron. For men only 8mg while women need 18mg of iron per day.

Just prepare peanut butter sandwich and one cup of orange juice can supplement the amount of iron your body needs. Vitamin C in orange juice enhances the absorption of iron in peanut butter. If you do not like peanut butter, you can substitute peanut butter - it works the same way.