---
published: true
title: Tip or treat 10 diseases
custom_excerpt: Regardless of the cause of sleep, remember not to use sleeping pills to lose money just bear disability.

---

Headache
a. Any aching in any part of the head, aching or long, heavy or light, just the left hand of the left hand (caught) on a few minutes, the headache as well as the hammer off. Come on! Try to see. b. If headache on the right side, half the back of the right hand. c. If left upper left sore, half of left hand. d. If pain in the back of the nape of the neck, the upper wrist. e. If the top of the head achieves the highest bones of the middle finger. f. If the right temples, just 1 minute is right. g. If aches and pains go away. hour. If the forehead aches, most of the last burning of the 4 fingers has caught. i. If only the right hemisphere, right 2 fingers. k. If only the left forehead achieves the left two fingers. l. If only the middle of the forehead, just two fingers in the middle of a minute is the end. k. If pain around the head, around the back of the hand.

Insomnia
Regardless of the cause of sleep, remember not to use sleeping pills to lose money just bear disability. The simple recipe for good sleep is: before going to bed, massage your feet warm. Warm feet are warm stomach, warm body. That is the first condition to sleep well. Then use your left fingertips to type in the grave of the goddess (ie the line of Oriental medicine or the 26th of the Radiology - head of the eyebrow) for a few minutes will make the heart beat stable and relaxed spirit. The left hand reflects the heart, The middle finger reflects the head. Mind and body - these are the conditions necessary to sleep well.

Bloating (by indigestion)
If at home, take the wormwood to the navel and around the navel for a few minutes, the belly will go down. If you are at a party, go quietly out to the absent person, roll the lips for a moment: the flare up, abdominal exhaust right now!

Secretary
Adults or small children at the urine, calmly stroke the chin for a few minutes, "the secret" immediately! The claw is as follows: the thumb rests on the chin, the index finger lifts the chin from the top down several times. The bladder will be unblocked, the urine will flow freely (Diagnosis, the bladder reflect the bladder - acupuncture 87). Old people or urinate night, small children or bed wetting, before going to sleep 15 minutes to brush your chin, the "disability" on the fast turn themselves!

Hiccup
This is a common disease but it causes many discomfort, causing the patient to lose food, sleep. Eat the star when you lift up the rice bowl has been hit by a backlash; How to sleep when you lie down, the hiccup sounded loudly throughout the house! Some people have to stay in the hospital for several days and still have not stopped. Just do one of the guidelines below, hiccups will have to "surrender":

a- Use the tip of the index finger to strike the tip of the nose between the eyebrows (points 26 and 312) 15 degrees. Hiccups disappear unbelievably (acupuncture point 26 is sedative and acupuncture point 312 obstructive). b- Use the tip of your finger to swipe strongly from the tip of your left nostril down to the nose of the nose of 10-15. Hate to lie down, do not dare to face! c- Use four fingers (from the index finger to the index finger to close together into a straight line) the vertical line between the head (from the forehead to the top of the head) 15 degrees is hiccup! Please try it!

Stomachache
Can be cured quickly with one of the following simple remedies: a- He (with a worm) palm of ten minutes. b- Two feet soles for 10 minutes. c- The umbilical cord and hand roll around the mouth.

Uterine pain:
a- Bricks from the groove (close to the nose) to the end of the groove (close to the upper lip) many times. b- Brick two sides of the middle and upper lip on several occasions.

Headache penis:
Just 1 minute, the tip of the penis will stop.

Arthralgia pain:
Brick and nipple at the same time, hip joint pain. Remember the groin joint pain on the side of the brick border on the side of the nose.

Heel pain:
Heal and hit the heel for a few minutes, the heel is aching.