---
published: true
hidden: false
title: What Will Happen If You Eat 2 Bananas A Day In 1 Month
image: chuoi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Cheap bananas, wherever you go, especially in tropical fruits.
---

Back to Vietnam, with the advantage of fruit available so many people tend to eat only good, the selection, the banana nine, nine rug, dark black shark is ugly leave. Again, we are doing too wrong wrong! According to Japanese scientists, the more mature the banana, the darker the shells are, the more TNF (tumor necrosis factor) is the cancer-fighting agent against abnormal cells in the body. How to interfere with their development and kill them. That is not to mention in the banana also contains high levels of antioxidants will help improve the immune system, increase white blood cell protection.

So, when you see the ripe bananas ripe, you do not go crazy go offline!

In addition, bananas also bring many other health benefits, if eating 1-2 bananas nine days, you will immediately see the following improvements:

Lower abdominal distension and heartburn
Bananas have a natural anti-acid function, can reduce acid reflux and heartburn, just eat a banana can also be more pleasant.

Blood pressure stable
A banana contains about 400 milligrams of potassium and very little sodium, which is good for heart health, which helps prevent heart attacks, stroke, and blood pressure.

Increase energy
Eating 1-2 bananas before exercising will give you enough energy for more than an hour of exercise. Potassium stored in bananas protects your muscles from cramps, while carbohydrates give you enough energy to withstand heavy activity.

Short of anemia
Anemia is paleness, fatigue, and shortness of breath. This is the result of low red blood cell counts and low hemoglobin levels in the blood.

This fruit will provide iron, which stimulates the production of red blood cells and hemoglobin, so people with anemia need to eat;

Improves digestion
Bananas are easy to digest and do not irritate the intestines. Coral starch (non-digested starch that passes through the small intestine) is found in bananas that are not digested and retained in the large intestine, where it becomes a source of nutrients for healthy bacteria.

Bananas are also good for people with gastritis, heartburn, and help restore lost minerals to people with diarrhea.

Relieve stress, depression
The high levels of trytophan in the banana are converted into serotonin by the body - neurotransmitters help people feel relaxed, relaxed, happy ... Not only that, bananas also regulate blood sugar, rich in vitamin B can Calming the nervous system, helping to improve the mood of anxiety and anxiety experienced by premenstrual syndrome PMS;

Avoid constipation
Bananas are high in fiber, which stimulates intestinal motility. It is a natural remedy that helps prevent constipation.

Reduce fat and control weight
Bananas contain more fiber and a starch reduces your appetite and prevents you from gaining weight. It reduces blood sugar and increases the body's sensitivity to insulin. If the body's cells are insensitive to insulin, they can not absorb glucose, and the pancreas begins to produce it in greater quantities. Does the body build up fat or not depends on the amount of insulin available.

Vitamin supplement deficiency in the body
Bananas are rich in vitamin B6. On average, a banana meets about 20% of the body's daily requirement of vitamin B6. This helps the body to produce insulin, hemoglobin and essential amino acids that maintain the health of the cells.

Although we often think that oranges and strawberries contain the largest amount of Vitamin C, bananas are foods that contain up to 15% of our daily norms for this important nutrient.

Vitamin C is an important antioxidant that neutralizes free radicals that harm the body. It also helps keep blood vessels healthy and creates collagen.

Body temperature control
Believe it or not, experts say eating bananas on hot days can help lower cholesterol and make you feel cooler. The same effect occurs when you have a fever.