---
published: true
hidden: false
title: 6 foods should eat every day to fight cancer
image: ungthu.png
custom_excerpt: To minimize the risk of cancer, the easiest thing to do is to simply add the daily diet.

---
Sweet potatoes are rich in nutrients such as carotenoids - an antioxidant, which reduces the risk of bone cancer, breast cancer, lung cancer and ovarian cancer if you eat about two servings of it each. day.
In addition, carotenoids are found in many other types of orange-colored foods such as pumpkin, carrots, citrus, ...

Garlic: Garlic contains allicin. This compound can prevent the spread of cancer cells. It also provides tryptophan and selenium.

Carrots: Carrot juice is the best anti-cancer drink. It contains many therapeutic agents including carotenoids.

Bananas: Bananas are sweet, heat-friendly, comfortable, suitable for people with colon cancer. According to modern medical research, bananas are rich in trace elements of zinc, which has a protective effect on cancer.

Since 1986, research has confirmed that Banana Extract is effective against cancer

Orange: Cam contains the highest antioxidant content in fruits, with more than 170 chemicals with anti-tumor properties, hematoma, inflammation.
A group of Australian scientists have found that eating citrus fruits can reduce the risk of cancer of the palate, larynx, stomach by up to 50 percent and reducing the risk of stroke by 19 percent.

Nuts: Some nuts contain a lot of selenium, which is important for fighting cancer cells and other nuts that contain lots of nutrients to boost the immune system.

Tomato is a popular food in Vietnam, also known as yellow apple.
Some studies have shown that in tomatoes a red pigment is Lycopene along with beta carotene (vitamin A naturally) in tomatoes, which have antioxidant effects; So tomatoes are good for preventing cancer.

Scientists have found that tomatoes are beneficial in the prevention of certain cancers of the breast, gastric and gastrointestinal cancers.

According to a team led by Professor John Erdman of the University of Illinois, in order to prevent cancer, especially prostate cancer, people need to eat raw tomatoes.

In an experiment on mice, the team made the claim that carotenoids in tomatoes used as food supplements would be less effective than whole tomatoes.

