---
published: true
hidden: false
title: 3 habits before bed help you 15 years old
image: 2011.jpg
custom_excerpt: As the pressure of life and work comes to a halt, annoying problems like wrinkles, dark circles come massively. 


---

After maintaining these three habits for half a year, you will be surprised to find out, the body seems to suddenly turn 15 years old!

Exercise a little before bed, help to have a healthy body balance
Before going to bed, you can lie on the bed doing some simple exercise, relaxing your body, also benefit the physical and mental health.

First lie on the bed, lift up the legs, conduct massage from top to bottom. Maintaining a vacuum-lifted position is dropped, or placed close to the L-shaped wall, which can help to remove fat from the calf.

Then lie on your back, with your legs hanging high at 90 degrees, 45 degrees and 30 degrees, each remaining for about 30 seconds to a minute or depending on the limits that you can maintain. This exercise can create a thigh muscle.

You can also sit on the bed in the bed, legs folded in front of the chest, chest tucked into the thighs, two straight hands clamped in the ears, up from the elbow to the palm of the bed. This helps to eliminate stools.

Take 5 fingers as a hair comb, keep your hair beautiful
We know that the head focuses some important acupoints of the human body, through stimulation during the comb, can have a massage effect.

First use straight hair comb, starting from the forehead, comb from top to bottom, use moderately.

Then use your fingers, gently massage the scalp, use your fingers to brush from the ears, legs at the nape and roots at the forehead to the top of the head, then focus on the top of the head.

Repeat this way up to 30 times, until you feel the scalp is stopped.

This action helps to circulate the blood of the brain, allowing the brain to receive enough oxygen. From there it improves memory, protects hair roots, strengthens hair follicles, eliminates fatigue for the mind.

Soaking feet of hot water, circulation of blood
Foot is the most distant part of the body, it is not easy to receive oxygen and blood, and now it is winter, it is more likely that the cold stimulates the blood vessels, causing blood vessels to contract. Blood levels are more difficult.

But, leg is another area of ​​acupuncture point of the body, if blood supply is not enough, will affect the normal functioning of many organs like liver, kidney.

So, soaking feet with warm water before bedtime, is helpful for promoting blood circulation, speeding up metabolism.

In particular, it is possible to add oriental herbs into the soak water, because the axillary veins on the feet quite a lot, can absorb the ingredients of the drug in the water.

If you want to reduce cold feet cold feet through the foot, it can be put into a few rules, through the frame; If you want to reduce dizziness dizziness, you can drop chrysanthemum, lower herbs; If you want to remove the apple, remove the air, then squeeze the worm.