---
published: true
title: Drink this vitamin and you will never be afraid of mosquitoes bite
tags: html meta
custom_excerpt: Very simple, just prepare a sprayer then water with 5 tablets of vitamin B1 to shake for tan, before sleeping on spray legs, arms ... because mosquitoes are afraid of vitamin B1.


---

You are always crazy with the tiny bites of mosquitoes that cause itching and discomfort. With the drug "miracle" after, will quickly you no longer remember how mosquito bites.

Being bitten by mosquitoes is one of the things that make me even more unhappy, and if you are unlucky enough to encounter mosquitoes, it is dangerous to your health. And you know, the rainy season is coming, the mosquitoes will grow more and more we can hardly destroy them. Therefore, it is imperative to find a way to eliminate this obnoxious creature.

In addition to planting lemongrass in the house, or use pepper, orange peels ... to banish mosquitoes, we often use anti-mosquito cream to protect themselves. However, anti-mosquito cream usually causes skin irritation, which makes the user feel uncomfortable.

You can make mosquitoes scare away with a dose of "not everyone knows". That is the Vitamin B1 supplement, it's hard to believe, but this is the truth that makes mosquitoes panic.

When Vitamin B1 works in your body, it will combine with other substances to create a less attractive "yeast" to mosquitoes. They move on to another goal and not look at your body anymore so do not be afraid of being bitten by mosquitoes.

In addition, vitamin B1 supplementation of 100 milligrams a day is also good for the body, improving appetite, stomach upset, chronic alcoholism ... Or you can supplement Vitamin B1 in the green food itself. Onions such as baked vegetables, onions, broccoli, sunflower seeds, kale, eggplant ... are essential for boosting the immune system and fighting stress.

If you can not take Vitamin B1, you can use other natural ways to fight mosquitoes:

Very simple, just prepare a sprayer then water with 5 tablets of vitamin B1 to shake for tan, before sleeping on spray legs, arms ... because mosquitoes are afraid of vitamin B1.

Use two pieces of hot water soak, then use this water for bathing to ensure that mosquitoes will not dare plaque approach.

Burning a few dry citrus peels in the room can replace the smell of mosquitoes, both work to repel mosquitoes, as well as air in the room more comfortable.

Wear light colored clothes, people notice, mosquitoes prefer to park in dark clothes, so try to dress summer in bright colors.

Eating garlic also works to ward off mosquitoes, because mosquitoes hate the smell from the body.

There is also a way to kill mosquitoes very effectively with alkaline solution. Use the alkaline solution within a month of your room will no longer mosquitoes, children will sleep well that you can rest assured that sleep well.

Use a little sugar, put in small pots and shake to shake to sugar around the pot. Then, you mix soapy water to pour down the pot. When placing soap pots with sugar around them, mosquitoes fly in and trap. Three days later you will see a significant decrease in mosquitoes, and ten days later in the pot will be full of mosquitoes.