---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Keep track of tips to get rid of acne
image: tre-nho.jpg
custom_excerpt: According to Oriental medicine, eye candy occurs because of heat outside the invasion into the baby's immature body, or due to eating too much hot spicy poison that causes inflammation at the same time causes disease ...

---

What is the eye?

Eye disease is one of the benign inflammatory diseases of the eye and if left untreated it will leave many complications for the child, even causing staph infection in the eye.

Signs that children are prone to eye pain is when the child feels discomfort, tears and possibly pain in the eyelids, accompanied by the appearance of red swell blocks, Pimples are located at the base of the eyelashes.

There are many ways to cure the eye like using warm towels and pressure on the eyelids for children, use warm tea bags placed on the site for a few minutes cough, ... especially there is a quick treatment eye that many moms eye pressure Used to treat children. It is soy milk to treat the eye.

Material:

Soymilk

Black sesame

Honey

Making:

First, add soy milk to boil, add 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds and mix well to blend ingredients together.

Then add the milk pot 1 tablespoon of honey to create sweetness for milk, while increasing the resistance for children.

With this formula you should give the child a drink once every morning after breakfast.

In addition, you should use duck or sweet potatoes blanched on acne in 10 minutes, 2-3 times a day will help heal much faster.

Just continue this method until the baby is completely free of eye irritation, and the cysts are also flat and will stop.

In the process of treating children with diabetes, the mother should limit her child to eat onions, garlic, chillis, chives, do not eat heat-sensitive foods such as goat meat, dog meat, seafood to avoid serious illness. .

How to prevent acne for children should be noted:

Wash your hands thoroughly before gumming, and clean your eyes.

Avoid excessive eye irritation, particularly in areas where pain and swelling are more likely to cause a more severe eye infection.

Regular cleaning of toys, utensils, accommodation around children.

When the eyes are young, the mother should be treated immediately to avoid the appearance of pus and eyes bleeding.