---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Recipes for eating at home
image: chan-an.jpg
custom_excerpt: Health problems can also lead to anorexia, including bacterial or viral infections, hypothyroidism, chronic liver disease, liver failure, heart failure, memory loss. Some over-the-counter drugs can help with this problem.

---

You can also use home-based methods to help stimulate appetite and make the meal interesting again. However, loss of appetite for too long, especially when it leads to sudden weight loss, may require consulting your doctor for appropriate treatment.

Here are 10 home remedies that help stimulate appetite:

Raspberries
Raspberries, which are grown in Dalat, can increase appetite by reducing digestive problems. It is like a tonic in the digestive tract, which improves the function of the digestive tract and helps detoxify the liver. When combined with honey, it helps reduce nausea and vomiting.

In addition, raspberries are also rich in Vitamin C, which boosts the immune system and facilitates the absorption of minerals, both of which are important if nutritional deficiencies are due to lack of proper foods.

Stir 2 teaspoons of raspberry juice, lemon juice and honey each into a glass of water. Drink in the morning when the stomach is empty, drink continuously for 3-4 months.

If using raspberry powder, put 1 teaspoon of flour into a glass of water and leave overnight. In the morning, add 2 teaspoons of lime juice and a little black pepper. Drink regularly when the stomach is empty and maintain drinking for a few months.

You can also add fresh and fragrant fruit juices from sour fruits.

Ginger
Ginger is a great food in reducing indigestion and stimulating appetite. In addition, ginger is also good in relieving stomach pain.

Make sure you are not afraid to eat, and make sure you eat more

Take ¼ or ½ teaspoon chopped ginger and add a little salt. Eat half an hour before eating, regular 8- 10 days.

Make ginger tea by slicing dried ginger (about 1 inch) and then boiling with 2 glasses of water. Mix a little sugar or milk according to your taste. You can drink several times a day.

Black pepper
Black pepper is often used as a traditional remedy for East Asian people to improve digestion, increase appetite, and treat digestive problems. It also relieves stomach pain and bloating.

Basically, black pepper stimulates taste, thus increasing the secretion of hydrochloric acid in the stomach, thus improving digestion. In addition, it contains a compound called Piperine to support the uptake of nutrients including Selenium, Beta-carotene and Vitamin B.

Combine a tablespoon of thyme and half a teaspoon of black pepper.

Use regularly for several days.

Do not use this black pepper remedy if you have stomach ulcers or have had gastric bypass surgery.

Cardamom
Cardamom, also known as elaichi choti, acts as a digestive tonic. It helps to reduce indigestion, bloating and acid levels, which improves appetite by stimulating gastrointestinal secretions. To get the effect, simply add the cardamom nut seeds or cardamom pods to the tea that you drink on a regular basis.

Dandelion
Dandelion is known to enhance digestion and increase appetite. It also helps treat liver and gallbladder problems. It acts as a mild diuretic.

Prepare dandelion root tea by boiling dandelion root powder with a glass of water for about five minutes. You can also add a cinnamon stick.

Tea strainer You can soothe it with honey if you like it before you drink it.

You can buy dandelion roots from a health food store. If you have dandelions growing in your yard, you can separate the roots from the leaves, clean and cut into small pieces, and bake them in the oven at 250 degrees for two hours.

Before using this herb, consult your physician to determine the right dose and it will certainly not interact with any medications you may be taking.

Garlic
Garlic is considered an effective remedy for home anorexia as it stimulates the digestive system.

Boil 3-4 garlic cloves with a glass of water.

Filter the solution and add the juice of half a lemon

Drink this twice daily until you see the improvement