---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Cooking tips for cooks that little one knows
image: nau-an.jpg
custom_excerpt: We combine the best tips to make things easier to cook, preserve food, clean kitchen utensils ... invite you to refer.

---

How to remove seeds and guts from the vegetables quickly
To quickly remove the intestines from the pumpkin, use a scoop of ice cream. The sharp edge of the scoop of ice cream will easily help you shave the intestines and vegetable seeds easily. Besides, we can also use it to shave thin vegetables to make sliced ​​thin salad.

How to remove excess fat from cooked food
If a dish that you have cooked contains excess oil, you can easily remove it using a few stones and a tissue. Wrap some ice cubes on paper towels and soak them on the food surface. The stones will act as a magnet, sucking the fat around the food into the paper towel.

Use a glass-like coating like a professional chef
Want to stretch the film and not stretch the food? Keep it in the fridge, just like the professional chefs often do. Cold food wrapper works better, sticky and tear-free. To keep the vegetables fresh, wrap them in a newspaper before putting them in the fridge.

How to peel citrus fruit easier
Peel orange fruit, tangerine to look the best? If you do not want to use your fingernails to press them firmly into the shell, just put them in the microwave for about 20 seconds, which is a lot easier to remove.

How to boil eggs to be able to peel boiled eggs easier
While boiling eggs, add soda or vinegar to boiled eggs. These substances will penetrate the eggshell and help you peel more easily.

How to squeeze more water from citrus fruits
To squeeze out the last drops out of an orange, lemon, first let the fruit cool in the fridge, and then place them in the microwave for 15-20 seconds. Is not it easy?

Cheese soft cheese easier
Leave it in the fridge for about half an hour before shredding the cheese so that it does not stick to the knife. You can easily grate cheese and sprinkle on the dish.

How to cut onion without tear
Place onion in the freezer for 30 minutes before cutting, this is only suitable for cutting onion for cooking; not cut to match live. For dumplings or salad, this secret is counterproductive because of the loss of the existing crisp.

Boil not to spill out
If you do not want boiling water to boil, put a wooden spatula or stirrer on the pot to help prevent bubbling from the pot.

How to cook a chicken
When baking a whole chicken (or a bird), turn the chicken breast downwards while shooting. This method will help to cook evenly cooked meat as this is the most meat.

Heat the grill properly
When cooking pizza or other baked goods in the microwave, keep a glass of water on the side. The steam will help the cake not be too dry and keep the crust.

How to touch the eggs perfectly
Put a little water in and then put the pan on the stove, you will get a perfect frying egg with delicious yolks.