---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Make your own body lotion with Salt Salt
image: tay-da-chet.jpg
custom_excerpt: Sea salt helps open pores, improves blood circulation, stimulates cell growth and promotes toxins from the skin. Is taken from the ocean, sea salt a lot of minerals and many natural soothing ingredients.

---

This article will give you two recipes exfoliation with sea salt.

Formula 1: Exfoliating cream with sea salt and citrus peel

Formula 2: Exfoliating body cream with sea salt.

In addition to sea salt, these two exfoliation recipes also include ingredients such as olive oil, coconut oil, coconut milk and citrus peel.

Olive oil and coconut oil penetrate deeply into the skin and have a moisturizing effect. Both beneficial oils are softening and anti-aging.

Olive oil also helps to fade dark spots and adds natural white to your skin. Coconut oil prevents the premature aging of the skin and protects the skin from infections and infections.

Coconut oil contains fat and nutrients to nourish and moisturize the skin. It cleanses the pores, removes dirt and excess sebum. Citrus bouquet adds vitality to the recipe with fresh scent and also helps to brighten the complexion.

Formula 1: Make your own homemade cream with sea salt and citrus peel

Essential Ingredients:

Sea salt smooth type

Pure olive oil

An citrus fruit (lemon, lime, orange, grapefruit, etc.)

A scraper

Cups and spoons

Bowl

Container

Steps taken:

Add ½ teaspoon of salt to a bowl.

Add ½ tsp olive oil.

Rinse 1 lemon or orange, then shred.

Mix 1 teaspoon of orange peel into the same mixture.

Transfer the mixture to a container.

Before showering, apply this mixture to your body. You do not need to rub strongly because sea salt is abrasive.

Just rub gently on your skin in circular motions. After a few minutes, take a warm shower and rinse the mixture (no need to use soap). Dry and apply a good quality moisturizer or lotion afterwards. Use once a week.