---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Cleaning tip
image: nau-an-18.jpg
custom_excerpt: We combine the best tips to make things easier to cook, preserve food, clean kitchen utensils ... invite you to refer.

---
Clean the pan
To prevent the pan from rusting over time, do not wash it with conventional dishwashing detergent, but instead use salt instead. Clean the paper towel with salt paper and rinse it with water. This method will help the pan to remove persistent foul odors from the spices used during cooking.

Removes unpleasant odors on hands
To get rid of the stinky smell of garlic or onion, use salt or lemon. Just rub them on the sticky skin and rinse with water.

How to make shiny metal kitchenware
To restore the shine of stainless steel kitchenware, clean it in a mixture of vinegar and water. For easier cleaning and cleaner shade, you can soak them overnight.

Use wooden spatula
Over time, wooden spoons and whiskers lose their beauty and smell. It seems the only thing we do is throw it away. However, if you feel reluctant to part with your favorite kitchen utensils, we will provide you with a very simple solution. Just boil the wooden spatula in water and dry it in the sun. This will remove unpleasant odors and regain the shape as initially.

How to clean wood cutting boards
To eliminate odors and leftovers on wooden chopping boards; Rub them with granular salt and leave for 10-15 minutes. Then wipe with half a lemon and wipe dry. This helps to remove unpleasant odors.