---
published: true
hidden: false
title:  8 habits should quit immediately if you do not want to age before age
image: 1811.jpg
custom_excerpt: No need for botox or plastic surgery, just give up these bad habits right now, the effect will bring certain will surprise you.

---

Low fat diet
Omega-3 fatty acids are effective in preventing wrinkles, helping to keep the skin soft and smooth. A low-fat diet lowers the body's supply of these beneficial fats, causing premature aging of the skin.

Sip beverages with ... straws
When sipping a drink through a straw, squeezing the lips causes wrinkles to form around the mouth. The same thing happens when you smoke.

Sit with a bad posture
Bad posture can distort the spine, your muscles and bones will become unusually tense. Long pain and fatigue can also cause permanent bone disfigurement.

Only use sunscreen when traveling
UV rays are the main cause of premature aging. To protect your body from the harsh effects of sun exposure, you should use sunscreen daily and even on shady days.

Say no to sugar
We all know that sugar is bad for your health, but that does not mean you will remove it from your diet completely. Proven to help people feel happy, so adding a little to the meal is not a bad idea.

Watch TV too much
One study found that every hour of television viewing equaled 22-minute lifespan. Experts recommend that instead of spending too much time watching TV, you should spend some time walking or exercising.

Sleepless
Adults need at least 7 hours to sleep each night. Sleeping not enough sleep not only makes you tired but also "shortens" life. Experts say it's a good idea to go to bed early if you are feeling a lack of energy, a slowing your mind, or an abnormal weight gain.

Stress
Some studies have shown that chronic stress can cause "serious damage" to cells, particularly to accelerate the aging process. You can not do everything in one day, so stop worrying, thinking. Instead, spend time entertaining or resting.

