---
published: true
hidden: false
title: How to Speed ​​Fast
image: tieu-chay.jpg
custom_excerpt: The main causes of diarrhea are viral infections, infections, eating or drinking contaminated water, anxiety, intestinal diseases such as irritable bowel syndrome, Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
---

Diarrhea is usually accompanied by symptoms such as abdominal pain, bloating, nausea and can cause complications such as dehydration.

To cure diarrhea and its symptoms usually take 2-4 days, depending on the level of infection.

You can treat diarrhea and reduce the symptoms of diarrhea by natural methods with ingredients that can be found in the kitchen.

diarrhea treatment, vegetarian diet, vegetarian diet, fast vegetarian diet, vegetarian diet

Here are 10 quick and effective diarrhea treatments at home.

Yogurt
Yogurt, especially those containing yeast such as lactobacillus acidophilus and bifidobacterium, is a great remedy for diarrhea.

Eating yogurt helps to "regenerate" beneficial bacteria in the intestinal tract and kill harmful bacteria that cause diarrhea.

In a 2009 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers found that beneficial bacteria can cure common antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD). old people.

Eating 2 cups of yogurt daily will dramatically reduce the symptoms of diarrhea. You can add a banana and yogurt to supplement your health.

Ginger
Ginger is used in the treatment of food poisoning, cramps and abdominal pain, diarrhea due to abdominal pain.

Add a small slice of ginger and add a teaspoon of honey. Eat a mixture to stimulate gastric secretion and improve digestion. Avoid drinking water immediately after eating this mixture. You can also drink ginger tea 2-3 times a day to cure diarrhea. Cut a few slices of ginger and put in a glass of water. Boil for a few minutes, filter out water and add a little honey before drinking. If fresh ginger is not available, you can substitute dry ginger or ginger.

Grain of Curry
Grasses are highly prized for treating diarrhea due to high mucus content. This mucus works very effectively against diarrhea.

Chew a teaspoon of curry seeds together with a tablespoon of yogurt.

In addition, combine half a teaspoon of roasted turmeric seeds and a teaspoon of cumin seeds, add two tablespoons of yogurt and mix well. Eat this mixture three times a day to relieve diarrhea symptoms quickly.

Apple Vinegar
An effective way to treat diarrhea is to use apple cider vinegar. Apple cider vinegar contains many ingredients that can fight bacteria that cause diarrhea.

Place a teaspoon of apple cider vinegar in a glass of water.

Drink once or twice a day until diarrhea is completely healed.

Banana
When you have diarrhea, you should eat more bananas because ripe bananas contain a lot of pectin (the colloid is usually found in fruits).

Pectin is a water-soluble fiber that is able to reduce diarrhea. Bananas also contain potassium, an electrolyte that supports many important functions in the body, especially when the body is dehydrated.

Eat a few bananas a day until you recover.

Chamomile Chamomile Tea
Chamomile Chamomile has anti-spasmic ingredients that help relieve abdominal pain, stomach upset and cure diarrhea. Chrysanthemum is also effective in reducing inflammatory bowel disease.

Make a cup of chrysanthemum tea by giving some chrysanthemum and a few mint leaves in a glass of boiling water for about 10 minutes.

Filter for water and drink several times a day.

You can also drink green tea to enhance the function of the digestive system.