---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Kick the kite by 3 types of leaves are available in the garden
image: 1911.jpg
custom_excerpt: No costly high-tech, expensive cosmetics, 3 folk remedies below will help you to treat keloids extremely effective.

---

Knee hyperpigmentation is usually caused by excessive levels of collagen or by the body promoting excessive healing. Knees do not only affect your health but also make you self-deprecating when appearing in front of the crowd.

If you have used a lot of expensive drugs, luxury cosmetics that still can not remove the stigma hard on the face. Do not worry, with the 3 effective folk remedies listed below you will quickly overcome this condition.

Simple, easy, safe and effective are the advantages of these remedies.

Wormwood
Mollusc is a popular folk remedy. In addition to the treatment of some neurological diseases such as headaches, insomnia ... wormwood can also treat the keloid very well due to its antiseptic properties and high antioxidant capacity.

Ingredients: 1 fresh wormwood leaves

Making:

Wash wormwood leaves

Add the wormwood leaves to the boil

Allow to cool and then use filter cloth to get water

Store in refrigerator cooler for gradual use

Using:

First wash your scarred area with water. Next use the absorbent cotton swabs on the scar area thoroughly, then dry naturally and then rinse with water.

You should do 3 times a week for the best results. Only after 3 weeks will you see the unexpected effect.

The treatment of keloids by mites is extremely simple but extremely effective. If scarring is new, the ability to scars to 80% is very high. Do not miss this useful vegetable.

Pennywort
Cheek Cheek is a food that can supply many vitamins and minerals. However, not only precious medicine, cheek-like vegetables have the effect of heat, detoxification, treatment of diseases such as boils, chrome ...

The reason is that kiwifruit is capable of treating keloids as the composition of the plant can inhibit the production of collagen in the scar tissue, enhance the antioxidant and promote the development, regeneration. new skin for the old scars.

Making:

Buy salads for soaking in salt water for 15 minutes.

Wash, pound and filter. You can add some sugar for easy drinking.

Apply the cheek blush on the scars or wash the scars with fresh vegetable broth.

The fiber content of the cheek is not only in the water but also in the pulp of the cheek. If you just take water, you will lose this substance.

You should apply the vegetable patch after scarring as soon as possible. Should cover in the evening, to overnight to achieve high efficiency. When using the scalp to cleanse and persevere, treatment immediately after the wound on the skin will get the best effect.

Apply this method every day after 1 month will see the blurring scars along the same time the scars will be more flat. After 2 months you will have smooth skin, even the skin becomes whiter than before.

Green tea
Green tea has many effects on human health. Anti-inflammatory ingredients of green tea can help protect the body healthy, nourish the skin. In addition to the beauty effects, green tea can remove scarring quickly and effectively.

Making:

Leaves of green tea washed, boiled water.

Wait for cold water to absorb the green tea gently applied to the scar area.

You should do this daily for long periods of time to bring about effective, alternative use of toner after cleansing. Green Tea also reduces the darkening and brightens the skin after use.